[Magic WAN] Added info regarding MFiewall and Gateway (#9115)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/magic-wan/security.md

---
title: Security filters
pcx_content_type: concept
weight: 5
meta:
    title: Enable security filters
---

# Enable security filters

> Magic WAN customers have automatic access to [Magic Firewall](/magic-firewall/plans/). Magic Firewall is Cloudflare’s firewall-as-a-service solution that allows you to protect your infrastructure. Magic Firewall supports layers three and four of the [OSI model](https://www.cloudflare.com/learning/ddos/glossary/open-systems-interconnection-model-osi/), and enables you to allow or block traffic on a variety of packet characteristics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Magic WAN customers have [automatic access to Magic Firewall](/magic-firewall/plans/). Magic Firewall is Cloudflare’s firewall-as-a-service solution that allows you to protect your infrastructure. Magic Firewall supports layers three and four of the [OSI model](https://www.cloudflare.com/learning/ddos/glossary/open-systems-interconnection-model-osi/), and enables you to allow or block traffic on a variety of packet characteristics.
```

Reviewer: Just to follow that accessibility guidance of "Each link on a page should have unique text, unless they lead to same destination"

Refer to [Magic Firewall](/magic-firewall/) for more information about this product.

> As a Magic WAN customer, you can also use Cloudflare Gateway to set up policies to inspect network andHTTP traffic to the Internet or your private network infrastructure. Refer to [Connect to Cloudflare Gateway with Magic WAN](/magic-wan/zero-trust/cloudflare-gateway/) to learn how to filter Magic WAN traffic with Gateway policies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a Magic WAN customer, you can also use Cloudflare Gateway to set up policies to inspect network and HTTP traffic to the Internet or your private network infrastructure. Refer to [Connect to Cloudflare Gateway with Magic WAN](/magic-wan/zero-trust/cloudflare-gateway/) to learn how to filter Magic WAN traffic with Gateway policies.
```
